>> Jen Kramer: Chapter 14 is the grid
offsets, I've actually already told you
about this so here is what I'd like
you to do with the grid offsets.
Go on ahead and open offset.html and
offset.css, and what I'd like for
you to do is, I'd like for
you to just make the page display
in the following way.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
so I'd like you to take those
asides that you just had.
You're gonna get rid of the one
that's in the middle here and
I want you to have one on this side,
one on that side, okay?
Does that make sense?
Okay, and
the HTML that you're starting with just so
you know what it looks like,
>> Jen Kramer: It looks like that.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay?
So take the page that looks like that,
make it look like this give you
like 10 minutes, is that good?
All right 10 minutes.
>> Student: Quick actually one question is
popping here.
>> Jen Kramer: Sure.
>> Student: When you hear by in grid
template columns,
what precisely is repeat,
repeating and repeat for ,1fr?
>> Jen Kramer: Sure.
So let me pull up the code
that he's talking about here.
There we go.
Okay, so here,
this is the nesting.css document that we
were just working with,
I'm on line number 47.
And so he's asking what this syntax means?
Repeat, 3,1fr, so
what we're indicating here is that we
would like 3 columns, and
each column would be 1 fraction each.
So this is essentially,
this 3fr is the same thing,
>> Jen Kramer: As if I said this, 1fr,
1fr, 1fr.
Those are syntactically different but
they function exactly the same.